For Subtitling Services, contatct:
waqas.zahoor89@gmail.com
Hello and welcome to the third live
semifinal of Britain's Got Talent.
You've got it all. That was
fantastic.
(OPERATIC SINGING)
# You actually outgayed me # My
favourite act tonight. Loved it.
John Lennon. You are what this show
is all about.
The winner of tonight's semifinal
is... Robert White.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
This is the most amazing thing that
has happened to me ever.
The act with the most votes going to
to the final is...
Gruffydd Wyn!
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
Come on!
Performing tonight for your vote...
(OPERATIC SINGING)
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
# Only just begun... #
(VOCALISES)
Starring your Britain's Got Talent
judges.
(CHEERING)
# I Wanna Dance With Somebody
Please welcome your fabulous host -
Mr Declan Donnelly.
# I wanna feel the heat with
somebody
Get off!
# Yeah, I wanna dance with somebody
# With somebody who loves me
# Oh, I wanna dance with somebody
# With somebody who loves me #
(CHEERING)
Hello... and welcome to Britain's Got
Talent!
Thanks, guys. See you in a bit.
Welcome to our our fourth live
semifinal of the week
and if the last three are anything
to go by,
you are in for a treat tonight.
By the end of it, two more acts will
win a place in our final
and waiting for them there is the
prize of a lifetime -
£250,000 and a spot on the bill at
the Royal Variety Performance.
(CHEERING)
I know. It's a great prize.
But I am getting ahead of myself, as
per.
It's time to welcome four people who
talk complete and utter talent.
It's the Britain's Got Talent judges.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
# Ain't No Mountain High Enough
David Walliams, Alesha Dixon,
Amanda Holden and Simon Cowell.
(CHEERING CONTINUES)
Have a seat, judges.
Lovely to see you all.
Come on in. Thank you. Have a seat.
Welcome, Simon.
Great night last night.
It was wonderful. It was a fabulous
semifinal. The only downside
was we had to say goodbye to some
really good talent. I know.
We did. But good news, guys. I have
news.
Because this year there will be a
wildcard act in the final.
Ohh! (CHEERING)
After tomorrow night's show,
you guys are going to get together
and choose a wildcard
that'll make it into the final,
somebody who hasn't gone through.
Can we have two? Why are you asking
him? You make the rules. Not any
more. Dec's in charge.
I'm in charge now. Two, please. I
don't think we can.
Yeah, come on. Can you think about
it? We can squeeze 'em in.
I'm glad we've got a wildcard. I'm
glad too. Wildcard... S.
Card... S. Let's see about that.
(LAUGHS)
Thank you for the moment. Let's get
on with tonight's show.
And we've got a cracking act to kick
us off.
First up tonight is a lady from
Russia who plays a jaw harp
and makes horse noises to a techno
soundtrack.
Is it any wonder this show won a
BAFTA? (LAUGHTER)
Ladies and gentlemen, Olena Uutai!
(CHEERING)
(WARBLES)
My name is Olena Uutai and I am
ethnic musician.
My act, it's a very ancient Germanic
tradition of my culture.
When I perform I am imitating the
sounds of nature.
It can be horse. (NEIGHS)
Birds. (SQUAWKS)
(HOOTS)
Nature is my main inspiration.
We try to connect with mother
nature.
For example, when I go to forest, I
can listen and it's music for me.
It's my main mission of my life to
remind people who we are,
to reconnect with mother nature.
To love her, to appreciate her
and, of course, to save her.
I would love with all my heart and
soul
to win the Britain's Got Talent.
Tonight, I go on stage and I hope
that mother nature will be with me
to help give my best performance of
my life.
(SHRIEKS)
My God. I afraid of spiders.
Oh! A spider! Please take it off.
(APPLAUSE AND CHEERING)
(HOWLS)
(VOCALISES)
(TECHNO-STYLE MUSIC)
(SQUAWKS)
(HOWLS)
(PLAYS TUNE TO TECHNO BEAT)
(SCREECHES AND SQUAWKS)
(CHIRRUPS)
(IMITATES BIRD CALL)
(SCREECHES AND SQUAWKS)
(VOCALISES)
(SQUAWKS)
(HOWLS)
(SCREECHES)
(NEIGHS)
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
Well done. Thank you.
David, what did you think? Well,
that was by far
the best act we've seen tonight.
(LAUGHTER)
Er... I'm not quite sure what we were
on when we put you through, but...
this show is all about variety and
you brought something very special
to the stage this evening, so thank
you very much. Thank you.
(CHEERING)
I don't know what it was, but it was
pretty good.
I love that you and nature are one.
I think we can all learn this while
brushing our teeth.
It seems like something quite easy
to do. Always.
I don't know what it is. It's great.
You make me smile.
I like you. What can I say? Thank
you.
Yeah, I mean, it is very odd.
I thought I was just drinking water
this evening. (LAUGHTER)
I feel like it could work in Ibiza
as some kind of dance album.
And I feel like all I'm missing is
my glow sticks.
Yeah. It was probably one of the
most surreal starts
to Britain's Got Talent in 12 years.
So congratulations on that.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
I think if um...
we were putting music
to Amanda Holden's wedding night,
that's what it would have sounded
like. Oh!
I'm taking that as a compliment.
Yeah, it was like... It was crazy.
Look, there is a market for that
kind of thing. I don't think the
audience liked it much.
I was kind of looking around.
(BOOING)
But it's unique, original. That's
what this show is all about.
Everyone's welcome. Every country.
Come on this show, do your own
thing.
No-one else has done this before.
After this week, anything could
happen. So good luck. Thank you.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
Thank you, Olena.
Come back. Don't go yet. Don't leave
me yet.
I have to do your phone number. Oh!
Here. If you want to vote for Olena,
the details are onscreen now.
But the vote doesn't open till we've
seen the last act of the night.
One more time, let's hear it for
tonight's opener - Olena Uutai.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
Now, unless you've been living under
a rock -
like that one there except not made
out of fibreglass - this week,
you'll already be familiar
with the BGT app.
In case you're not, let me tell you
it's got clips from the show,
exclusive backstage news and your own
BGT buzzer.
You can download it on your
smartphone or tablet.
While you do that, we'll take a quick
break, but we'll be right back
with opera sensation Amy Marie Borg.
See you for that in a few minutes.
(CHEERING)
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
Welcome back to Britain's Got Talent
and what is quite literally semifinal
number four.
Next up tonight is a teenage opera
singer
who delivered a fantastic audition
after overcoming a serious case of
nerves.
But there's no need for her to be
nervous tonight,
here in this enormous theatre in
front of 3,000 people,
live on national TV
with millions watching at home.
I feel like I'm not really helping.
It's Amy Marie Borg. (CHEERING)
My name is Amy Marie Borg, I am 16
years old and I'm from Malta.
I live in Malta. I live with my mum,
my dad and my brother.
I'm still in school, I study
photography, but I'd rather be
singing all day.
I've been singing since about the
age of 12,
but I only started opera about two
years ago.
I love singing cos it is a way of
expressing yourself,
but before I sing everything's a
blur.
I can't focus on anything cos I'm so
nervous.
On a scale of one to ten, how
nervous are you feeling right now?
About a nine, I think.
But when I start to sing, my nerves
disappear. I feel like a different
person.
(OPERATIC SINGING)
(CHEERING)
Getting that reaction from the
judges helped me gain confidence,
which is something really new to me.
It was like watching a caterpillar
turn into a butterfly.
(CHEERING)
It was a dream come true.
My family are so supportive. I think
my brother
will be really proud of me.
He's my biggest fan.
Tonight, I'm gonna give everything
I've got. I'm gonna believe in
myself
cos I really want to be in that
final.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
# Caruso
# Qui dove il mare luccica
# E tira forte il vento
# Su una vecchia terrazza
# Davanti al golfo di Sorriento
# Uno uomo abbracia una ragazza
# Dopo che aveva pianto
# Poi si schiarisce la voce
# E ricomincia il canto
# Te voglio
# Bene assai
# Ma tanto tanto
# Bene sai
# E una catena ormai
# Che scioglie il sangue
dint'e vene sai
# Te voglio
# Bene assai
# Ma tanto tanto
# Bene sai
# E una catena ormai
# Che scioglie il sangue
dint'e vene sai
# Te voglio bene sai #
(CHEERING)
Thank you.
OK? Well done. That was brilliant.
That was really good.
Alesha. And breathe.
It's all done. You did brilliantly
well.
We shouldn't forget how young you
are, you know.
You're 16 and you're standing up
there.
This is a big deal and you should be
super proud.
You sang it and you filled the room.
(CHEERING) It was gorgeous.
Thank you.
Apart from the fact that you have an
incredible voice,
one of the things I enjoy most about
you is how emotional you get
and how much honesty there is when
you sing.
As you can see, you're crying your
eyes out.
Technically, that song is so
difficult.
So many words to squeeze in. I've
got no idea what it was about,
but it was fantastic. (LAUGHTER)
Thank you. Well done.
Thank you. Simon? AUDIENCE: Aw!
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
It's a relief, right?
Yeah, my legs are shaking.
I have to tell you something. We
talked about your nerves the first
time we saw you.
I think this is even more daunting.
But let me tell you something.
Sometimes a stage like this can
swallow you up.
You actually did the opposite, you
owned the stage during those two
minutes.
Genuinely. (CHEERING)
You had so much...
so much power and control.
You absolutely controlled the whole
song.
At the end you knew exactly
where you were.
You hit the right note and,
ironically, you're nervous
afterwards.
You've done the hard part. I'm
shaking.
I have to say this. This show is not
just about recording contracts,
which we've spoken about before.
It's about going forwards in your
career.
I think that you're conquering your
nerves.
I think you're gonna end up probably
in the West End or on Broadway
cos you've got that charisma as
well.
(CHEERING) Thank you. I really do. I
think it's an important moment in
your life, Amy.
I genuinely do. And I love moments
like this
when I see someone from the
auditions come into the semifinals,
own it and grow - and that's what
you did. And you're 16 years old.
Bravo.
Thank you. (CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
Yeah. Yeah, I mean, you are so
lovable
and that was so beautiful and
emotional.
We don't know anything about opera,
we have no idea what you were
singing about,
but we really connected with what
you were singing. That's the power
of your voice. Well done.
Thank you. (CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
Well done. How do you feel?
I'm still shaking a bit. Still
shaking. Yeah. Relief?
Yeah, a bit, yeah. Well done.
You absolutely smashed it. If you
think Amy should come back on Sunday
for the final, all the details are
onscreen now.
But the vote doesn't open
until the end of the show.
Let's hear it for her one more time -
Amy Marie Borg!
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
Thank you. Well done.
Time for a break,
but we'll be right back
with Welsh funnyman Noel James
and disturbing dance crew Baba Yega.
See you in a few minutes. (CHEERING)
(CHEERING)
Welcome back live to Britain's Got
Talent, where the race is on
to win a place in this year's final.
Now, next up tonight is a Welsh
comedian
whose audition went down a storm.
I asked him how he wanted me to
introduce him tonight
and he said, "Just say something
funny."
Um... (LAUGHTER)
Kn... knickers?
It's Noel James.
(SPEAKS WELSH)
I was born and brought up in the
Swansea Valley
and I have always been proud to be
from Wales.
There was a lot of things going on
in Wales on different levels.
That's because most people live in a
lift. Um, but...
That was a joke, by the way.
Levels? OK, forget it. Arh!
I've done comedy for at least 25
years.
You wouldn't believe it to look at
me.
I get three four gigs a week.
Sometimes I get bad weeks.
Sheep solo. Baaa!
I was unsure about taking part in
Britain's Got Talent
because I saw it as a gamble.
I mean, you're so stupid in the best
way. (LAUGHTER)
That was one of the most
unbelievable moments of my life.
My entire comedy career has led up
to this moment.
Every good gig I've done, every bad
gig I've done.
I would really love to be a popular
comedian in this country.
Be able to be gigging every week in
nice theatres.
I'd love to travel. I'd love to
do...
Sorry, is this too much?
(WOMAN LAUGHS)
(CHEERING) Thank you.
Thank you very much, ladies and
gentlemen. Thank you.
(WHISTLING AND APPLAUSE) Good
evening. Thank you so much.
Well, what a pleasure it is and also
what a relief it is
to be in this theatre tonight
because when they initially told me
I was going to be in the Apollo,
I thought we had to take a mission
to the moon. (LAUGHTER)
There is no atmosphere for comedy up
there, do you know what I mean?
Are you well? ALL: Yes!
That's good cos I tell you what, I'm
No-el.
(LAUGHTER)
I'm Noel James.
I'm Noel Wyn Nicholas Trevor Harris
Gwyn Llan St Mary's Church
Round The Oak Tree
Gogo Goffin Carwyn Eifion John
James.
I'm one of the big names on
the comedy scene.
(LAUGHTER)
For those of you who still don't
know where my accent is from,
it's from my mouth. (LAUGHTER)
Let me tell you about my
background.
It's um... it's a brick wall.
(LAUGHTER)
It's a very tough background.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
And that's no surprise. I was raised
by dolphins
Yeah. (LAUGHTER) Dolphins. And when
I look back, even today,
I still sometimes think to myself...
I think...
(IMITATES DOLPHIN CLICKING)
(LAUGHTER)
That's not Welsh, by the way.
Cos dolphins don't speak Welsh,
only... WHALES.
Listen... (LAUGHTER)
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
I come from a long line of
comedians.
You can still see them
outside the job centre. (LAUGHTER)
It's a very difficult job, comedian.
Last week I was so desperate for a
laugh
I tried to eat some baked beans
through my eyes.
And I wasn't funny at all.
In fact, I went blind.
I'm joking. I could still see things
but only in 'Heinz-sight'.
(LAUGHTER)
I er...
I've done other jobs. I bet you wish
I was doing one right now.
I... (LAUGHTER) I used to work on a
fish farm
until the tractor sank. (LAUGHTER)
Oh, we were all gutted. And then I
was... (LAUGHTER)
I was working in a bowling alley.
That was a TEN-PIN job...
(LAUGHTER)
..until the strike.
For many years I was a night packer.
That's tricky work getting darkness
into boxes...
(LAUGHTER)
..and then selling it on the black
market.
(LAUGHTER)
But when I was 17, what I really
wanted to be,
I wanted to be Vincent van Gogh.
So I took a year off...
and... (LAUGHTER)
(APPLAUSE) ..I...
..I joined a circus.
I was a trampolinist for six months.
Well, 12 months on and off.
(LAUGHTER)
I was a very good ventriloquist
even if I make somebody else say so
myself
and... (LAUGHTER) ..of course I am
an impressionist,
just like Vincent van Gogh.
And last week...
AUDIENCE MEMBER: No!
..I was so desperate for a laugh, I
tried to impersonate a frog.
See if you think this is funny.
(LAUGHTER)
(APPLAUSE)
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'd like
to finish my career now
with... (LAUGHTER) ..with a funny
impression.
Why not? It's a semifinal. Come on.
(WHOOPING)
But can I also just take this
opportunity
to say thanks awfully to everyone?
(LISPS) Sanks... (BLOWS RASPBERRY)
(LAUGHTER)
(INDISTINCT CONVERSATION)
And now, finally,
here's my favourite actor, one of my
favourite actors.
Ladies and gentlemen, it's Robert De
Niro.
Thank you. I've got it. I've got it.
(LAUGHTER)
I can't do the voice.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
That was brilliant. Come into the
centre.
Amanda, let's start with you.
Noel, I... you were one my favourites
in the auditions
because of what Alesha said, because
you are so silly.
But what I loved about those jokes
was I was laughing at one
and the next one came and the next
one.
It was like a domino run of lines
and comedy gags.
(CHEERING) Really cleverly written.
And can I say, you've had a
wonderful makeover.
You've scrubbed up very well this
evening. (WHOOPING) You look good.
Noel, what was the reaction from
everyone where you work after the
first audition?
Er... you mean the invigilating
scene?
Yeah. They just said, 'Ssh!'
(LAUGHTER) It's kind of an in joke.
But I get it. I was just curious.
Look, I always say this is a tough
gig when you're doing stand-up.
I think that you came over really
well.
The second half was better than the
first half when you got confident.
But this is not my thing. David, I'm
curious to see what advice you'd
give him.
I absolutely loved it. There's no
advice to give him. He's hilarious.
(CHEERING) Your experience shone
through.
I know you've been working as a
comedian for a long time.
I'm really pleased that this show
has given you the exposure.
I think you could be in the final
and go all the way.
You deserve to be one of the biggest
stars on British TV, no doubt about
it.
(CHEERING) I love you. I'm just
pointing out the obvious.
So silly. Everyone's going to love
you. You did brilliantly well. Good
for you.
Thank you very much. (CHEERING)
The details on how to vote for Noel
are onscreen now.
You can't vote until
we've seen all eight acts.
One more time - Noel James!
Thank you very much.
Next up tonight are five fit and
flexible men in black latex onesies.
No, it's not David Walliams's ideal
Friday night,
it is, in fact, the weird and
wonderful Baba Yega. (CHEERING)
(WHOOSHING)
News just in. There's been reports
of sightings
of strange creatures invading
London.
I've just seen these creatures. They
came out of a phone box.
They were wearing shell suits from
the '80s.
I've never seen anything like it!
And I've been around the block.
So, I've just seen these aliens
coming out of Piccadilly Circus.
They were running around looking
lost, but they're fascinating.
I mean, absolutely spectacular.
I guess it's London so, you know,
weird stuff happens.
They came right up to me. I was
like, 'W-w-whoa. Wow. OK.'
This. This is what they were doing
to me. What's that all about?
Apparently, the strange visitors are
actually trying to find their way
to the Britain's Got Talent
semifinals. They come in peace.
They came up to me, shook my hand.
One of them even touched my hair.
I mean, we get visitors from all
over the planet,
but these people, they were from
another world.
(CHEERING)
(INDISTINCT SINGSONG BABY VOICE)
(TECHNO-STYLE MUSIC)
(CHEERING)
(INDISTINCT SINGSONG BABY VOICE)
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
It didn't work. (POP!)
Um... Simon, what did you think?
Er... yeah.
OK, this is going to get...
Oh, for Christ's sake. (LAUGHTER)
(CHEERING) I had a feeling. I was
going to say,
'Don't try and be funny afterwards.'
Right, I'll make this simple.
This wasn't actually great. The
first audition, I liked.
(BOOING)
It started off well, then got
boring. It ended very limply.
I think it's time to go back to your
planet.
(BOOING)
I think it's time to go back to YOUR
planet as well. (CHEERING)
Er, you know, we're always saying
we're looking for a dance act with a
difference.
Well, you can get more different
than this, can you?
(CHEERING) I mean, it's...
It's very weird even by my
standards.
But I found it very enjoyable. Thank
you very much.
Thank you. I'm the nice one. Thank
you.
You are very different and you know
how much I love you.
And I love the production.
However... There's a little but.
(LAUGHTER) I do agree with Simon
because I was expecting a little bit
more.
You know? And you didn't quite
deliver that tonight.
You see, this is the side of you I
really love.
Exactly. When you're being silly.
(CHEERING AND WOLF WHISTLING)
Thank you. Now I'm happy.
I... I dis... Now I'm happy.
I disagree with Simon.
I thought the whole thing was really
imaginative. (CHEERING)
The production was fantastic.
The choreography was great.
And I... you know, I was scared of
you in the auditions,
but now I've grown to love you too.
I've grown to love you.
(CHEERING)
I've grown to love you too.
If you want to see these
chatterboxes in the final,
follow the details onscreen.
Remember, voting doesn't open
till the last act has performed.
(LAUGHS) One more time, let's hear
it...
(LAUGHTER AND CHEERING)
..for Baba Yega!
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
Time for another break. When we come
back,
we've got Simon's Golden Buzzer act,
Jack and Tim.
They will be here. Plus we've got
daredevil acrobat Sascha Williams.
See you in a few minutes.
(CHEERING)
Welcome back to Britain's Got Talent.
We're up in the fun bay. All right?
Next up tonight are Simon's Golden
Buzzer act, Jack and Tim.
Do you remember the first talent
show that you went for?
I did Rolling On The River by Tina
Turner.
I played, and you sang -
I did the harmonica!
You did the harmonica solo.
Now you're in the semi-final.
Jack was a very quiet baby,
wasn't he?
Until you found music. I remember
when you were in Mum's tummy,
your mum's tummy looked like a
microphone.
(LAUGHS) So I used to sing to you
through Mum's bellybutton.
(LAUGHS)
That is so weird!
I didn't expect the Golden Buzzer at
all.
I think my heart stopped for a
moment, then.
It was pretty incredible. Lily and
I, we were just crying so much for
you.
Simon Cowell cuddled you.
Cuddled me.
I'm never washing again.
(LAUGHTER)
You haven't!
So proud of you. Very proud.
You are like two peas in a pod.
Yeah.
Are you excited? Yeah.
I know you can do it.
I'm looking forward to doing it.
And we're doing it together, so...
Yeah, yeah.
You want to get to the final?
Do you?
I want to get into the final!
Me, too.
I love you.
I love you too, son.
(APPLAUSE AND CHEERING)
(MUSIC STARTS)
(RHYTHMIC CLAPPING FROM AUDIENCE)
# I'm standing in the rain
# Watching the world fall down on me
# Standing in the cold outside
# Thinking about where we could be
# Let's go chasing cars
# Stealing hearts
# I don't wanna grow old
# I'm standing in the rain
# Waiting for the world to call for
me
# Oh, it's a big wide world
# Just across the water
# I'm wading, but the river's too
strong
# Oh, there's a big wide world
# Calling us to come on home
# Na, na, nah
# Na, na, na-nah
# Na, na, na
# And it's calling, calling
# You
# Big wide world
just across the water
# I'm wading, but the river's too
# Big wide world
(GUITAR SOLO)
# Oh, yeah
# Mm-mm
# Big wide world #
(WILD CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
(LAUGHS)
Nice one.
Simon, your Golden Buzzer act.
I have to go first because
they are my Golden Buzzers.
Er...
(CHEERING)
There is something magical about you
two when you perform.
I mean, genuinely. We've had,
you know, dad and son,
and mum and sons, and it can be a
little bit corny.
This is not corny. Obviously you
have this amazing chemistry.
You wrote the song yourself,
which is really brave,
but the right thing to do.
I think it's so... I would love to
see you in the final
because I think -
(WILD CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
I genuinely do think you two
actually
define what this show is all about.
Every time I hear and see
you perform, I feel good.
There's a very positive energy that
comes from you.
It goes against the grain,
what people say the music business
is all about.
Because, for me, when you're good,
you're good.
And actually, you're interesting as
well.
And I really love this performance
tonight.
Congratulations.
Please, I'll see you in the final.
(CHEERING)
Yes. Very, very brave of you guys to
come out and do an original song.
But it was such a good song,
it was like we all knew it.
And this wasn't a performance to try
and get in the final,
it was like watching you guys do a
concert.
It was very assured,
very professional,
and I'm sure very winning as well.
(CHEERING)
Your playing was tremendous,
you've got great voices,
you sound beautiful together.
I love this act. You should be
so proud of yourselves tonight.
Well done.
(CHEERING)
I mean, I think Simon
basically covered it,
but yeah, it's the relationship
I think.
And it's you, you've got star
quality.
I love it at the end when you're,
like, you're at Wembley.
(CHEERING)
So good, yeah.
Erm, boys, can you put into words
how it feels to be up here with each
other? No.
OK.
(LAUGHTER)
Just checking. It's... it's the best
thing in the world.
I couldn't... I wouldn't swap it for
anything else.
AUDIENCE: Aw...
If Jack and Tim are your choice for
the final,
you can get behind them by following
the details on your screen.
But not yet, not until
we've seen the last act.
One more time - Jack and Tim,
everybody.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
Next up tonight is the man whose
audition
had the whole theatre on the edge of
their seats.
And this is a guy who really performs
on the edge -
the edge of a wobbly metal tube.
Please don't try this at home,
put your wobbly tubes away.
It's daredevil acrobat
Sascha Williams.
I'm Sascha, I'm 29 and I do
a rola bola balancing act.
Circus performing definitely runs in
my blood.
My parents were acrobats,
my cousin's a juggler,
my grandfather was a wirewalker,
grandmother's a contortionist.
The list goes on. Rola bola is the
only act my parents let me practise
that wasn't too dangerous -
they thought.
But then I took it to another level.
My act's pretty dangerous.
It's got a mind of its own.
When people freak out and start
screaming
it's the best feeling ever cos you
know you're doing your job right.
I've been doing rola bola for 17
years.
I've broken bones,
I've had concussion,
stitches across my head.
I think I'm on 20 hospitals now
all over the world.
Pretty proud of that. (CHUCKLES)
This is one of the biggest moments
in my life.
It would be awesome to be the first
circus act to win.
I'd love to perform
for the Royal Family.
I think they'd enjoy it.
I reckon I'd get them pretty scared.
Tonight I need to make sure
everything goes right.
This is the most dangerous trick
I've ever done.
If anything goes wrong,
it's game over.
(APPLAUSE AND CHEERING)
(DRAMATIC MUSIC STARTS)
(GASPS FROM AUDIENCE)
(PLAYS GUITAR RIFF)
(ROCK MUSIC PLAYS)
(CHEERING)
(WILD CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
All right? OK?
(LAUGHS) Alesha?
How much more can we throw at this
act?
Let's get the guitar, let's get the
fire! Come on! I loved it.
I mean, honestly, it was brilliant.
The music, though, did my head in,
I have to be honest.
But you are brilliant.
You know, you made it look easy.
(CHEERING)
And I know it's super hard.
Ooh, my nerves is all I'm gonna say!
I can't take much more.
Yeah, it felt... it really was -
I quite like a bit of thrash,
funnily enough.
What?! Yeah, when I go running,
I run to a bit of thrash.
Bit of Marilyn Manson.
Erm, I loved it.
It's very, very exciting.
I loved the heat,
I loved the guitar playing.
I'm loving... just the whole thing
felt like an event.
You really upped your game.
I didn't think you'd be able to,
but you did. (CHEERING)
You know what I love about this act?
We had an act on Monday
who spent hours telling us
how dangerous it was gonna be,
literally hours,
and then he put a fishbowl on
his head with a bit of water.
(LAUGHTER) You said nothing
and just set fire to yourself
and played guitar, nearly broke your
neck three times,
and it was like, that's it. And
that's what's so cool about you.
And you also reminded me in the VT
that this is an act we hopefully
will put in front of the Royal
Family.
It was so cool. This is the most
dangerous act genuinely
we've seen on this show. I think
it's the hardest thing to do.
(CHEERING) And you have to be
slightly crackers
to do it and you do it in a
very, very entertaining way.
Erm, I really, really like you
and I think you have deserved,
on the back of that,
I really do think
you deserve a place in the final.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
I agree. I mean, who'd have thought
that wobbling on top of things would
be so entertaining? But it was.
And it's also very brave
of you because you thought,
"Today shall I wear the tartan
trousers or the black trousers?
Wear both!" That's how brave you
are. So well done.
Thank you very much, judges.
If you want to vote for Sascha,
all the details are onscreen now.
But not yet. Voting doesn't open till
the end of the show.
One more time, let's hear it for him
- the dangerous Sascha Williams.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
Time for another break, but we'll be
right back with looney tune inventor
Marty Putz.
And if you want to win some
incredible prizes for yourself,
have a look at this.
It's another chance for you at home
to win a life-changing £100,000
from the comfort of your living room.
It's the biggest cash prize we've
ever given away.
And the best bit is, you don't even
need a talent to win it.
All this lot did was pick up the
phone.
You could be just like them -
really lucky and a lot richer.
I couldn't believe it.
Over the moon.
Real people do win, yeah.
For your chance to win -
Good luck!
(CHEERING)
Welcome back to Britain's Got Talent.
I've popped up to see some of the
acts who have already performed.
Good job, everybody,
and I have to say
you've all scrubbed up very nicely.
Which is no mean feat, because some
of you looked a right state
at your auditions. (LAUGHS)
I'm only joking.
He's not. Our next act is a man who
provided one of THE finest moments
of this year's auditions when he
covered Simon Cowell's head
in toilet roll. Good times.
It's Marty Putz!
I'm Marty Putz and I am
an inventor-comedian.
My mother's from Liverpool and
my father was from Lancaster,
but they met in Canada and that's
where I was born.
My grandfather was an inventor so I
spent a lot of time
with him as a little boy,
building things.
I remember my first invention.
I was in Grade One
and it was a guitar
made out of a steak and kidney pie
tin.
From there, I just started building
strange things
and I've been doing this act for
about 25 years now.
I love to make people laugh
because when you laugh,
nothing else matters in the world.
There you go!
When I did my audition and I covered
Simon with toilet paper,
I remember talking to my friends,
"You know what I should do?"
And everybody's going,
"No, no. It's Simon."
And I went, "Everybody loves to have
fun."
I am so excited to be
in the semi-finals
because I now get a chance to show
more of my stuff
and some of it's never been seen
before,
that I designed specifically for
this show.
Tonight is gonna be one giant
Marty's party
and everyone is gonna have a blast.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
# RIDE OF THE VALKYRIES #
Hey, you guys!
I'm so excited to be here.
I'm so excited to show you one of my
earliest inventions
that I've been working on for ten
years.
Ever since I was a little boy,
I wanted to fly.
So tonight, it's the premiere launch
of this - the Putz 2000 jetpack.
(CHEERING)
Now, please, let me -
I have to tell you the producers
have asked me
please, for your safety and mine,
as I circle above your heads,
do not try to reach up and grab me
or high-five me.
Are you ready?
AUDIENCE: Yes!
Let's do it.
(ALARM)
Five... four... three... two... one.
Ignition.
(LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE)
(CHEERING AND LAUGHTER)
(YELLS)
(HISSING)
(GROANS)
Oh, man!
Can I have my jacket, please?
It's a good thing I didn't get that
tattoo.
(LAUGHTER)
I have some... a few more
cool inventions to show you.
I'm so excited to be here!
Hey, I've got to tell you, one of my
first jobs when I was in high school
working part-time,
was delivering pizza.
But I got fired after the first
night.
It was accidental, but let me show
you. This is great.
I used to go up, knock on the door,
"Ma'am, sir, pizza."
When they'd answer, I'd do this -
(YELLS)
(LAUGHTER)
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
And in Grade Two, when all my
friends were sharpening their
pencils,
I was doing this. Check it out.
(LAUGHS)
It's the coolest, look.
(YELLS)
Yeah...
(LAUGHTER)
(APPLAUSE)
I know, looking sharp.
(LAUGHTER)
I'll get to the point.
Wait, wait!
You guys, how many of you love
marshmallows?
(CHEERING)
This is cool. I've invented a
great game with marshmallows.
Whatever you do, when you get one,
don't eat it. Hang onto it.
Right there.
Hang onto it, right there.
Simon, hang onto it right there.
That one...
(LAUGHTER) All right.
Right there, Alesha.
Nice! David, do me a favour. Grab
these, there you go. Good job.
Amanda, I love you. Have another.
I love you. Take them all.
They're all yours.
All right, everybody who has a
marshmallow, hold it up high.
Hold it up high. This is awesome.
Because right now it's
time for a game of -
Oh, yeah, check this out, you guys -
human baseball!
(LAUGHTER) David, let's start
with you. Stand up, please.
(LAUGHTER)
All right. All right...
(CHEERING)
All right, Amanda. We've gotta get
one, gotta get one. Come on, Amanda.
You can do it.
Yes!
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
All right, Simon, chuck it in here.
Really...
(LAUGHTER)
Ow!
All right, who else has one?
Who else has? Let's go. (BUZZER)
All right, we're going. Let's go!
Check that out!
Oh, yeah!
(WIND TURBINE BLOWING)
(BUZZER)
Help me!
(ALARM)
(SOUND OF EXPLOSIONS)
(INDISTINCT)
All right. Nice job. That's it,
let's take them home.
Oh, yeah...
Here we go... oh, yeah.
There we go. Hang on.
Say hello to my little friend!
(EXPLOSIONS)
(LAUGHTER AND GASPING)
(APPLAUSE)
(BUZZER)
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
I think you've got to help them out.
All right, let's do it.
Come on, Dec.
They got a little wet.
There we go. Let's take care of 'em.
There we go.
(WHIRRING)
Woo-hoo!
(BUZZER)
(GROANING, LAUGHTER, JEERING)
Thank you, guys.
Come on over, Marty.
We've lost two of the judges.
We've lost all four, in fact.
(LAUGHTER)
Er, Simon? (LAUGHS)
Thank you.
(WILD CHEERING)
This isn't what I signed up for.
David?
Well, I mean...
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
(LAUGHTER)
It's gone down incredibly well with
the judges, so congratulations!
Do you know what?
I'm a big kid at heart
and I know lots of kids
watch this show
and I think they're gonna absolutely
love you.
Because that was mayhem.
(CHEERING)
Mayhem. You're a funny man
and you're a very, very brave man
to soak us all
and cover us in toilet roll.
Alesha, did you like it?
I had a good flush, yeah.
Thank you very much.
Amanda?
I'm gonna send you the dry cleaning
bill. But erm... (LAUGHTER)
Yeah, I mean, it's good fun.
It's clowning at its best. I tried
to bring families together. Exactly.
And somewhere, somebody enjoyed
that.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
Amazing.
(LAUGHTER)
In one word. Look, I think for
Eric's fifth birthday party,
brilliant. Erm...
(LAUGHTER)
Perhaps the ending was better than
the beginning...
I can't sit down.
I know, it's soaking.
Great. That's it.
Thank you.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
Marty... to vote for Marty,
follow the details onscreen
but not yet. The vote doesn't open
till we've seen all eight acts.
One more time, let's hear it for
Marty Putz.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
While the judges dry off and we start
our clean-up operation
we're gonna take a quick break.
But we'll be right back with the last
act of the night,
street dance supremos DVJ.
(CHEERING) See you for that in a few
minutes.
Showtime!
Oh, my God!
Auditions for the next series of
Britain's Got Talent
are open right now.
Why don't you just give it a go?
You may be an incredible dancer,
an unbelievable singer,
an amazing comedian.
If you have a dream,
you can make it happen.
We make shows like this
to find people like you.
Anybody out there thinking of coming
to Britain's Got Talent,
don't think about it - just do it.
Apply now. It might just change your
life together.
(APPLAUSE AND CHEERING)
Welcome back to the fourth semi-final
of Britain's Got Talent.
There is seven down and one to go.
Our last act tonight are a street
dance crew
who have got the world at their feet.
They're incredibly creative,
they're bursting with talent,
and they've got youth on their side.
I'll be honest - they make me sick.
It's DVJ.
Hello.
This is it!
Final rehearsals. Are you guys at
the studio yet?
I'm so nervous. I can't believe this
is actually happening.
Hold on, another call.
You guys had better be ready.
We've got a semi-final to smash.
Hurry up, slowcoaches.
ALL: We are Diversity Juniors!
(GIGGLES)
So, the best thing about coming to
the studio
is the opportunities I get,
the fun we have,
and just the family vibe is just
amazing.
(LAUGHS) What's up, guys?
What's up, what's up?
Our teachers are Ashley, Nathan
and Perri.
They're such good role models and
they're just genuinely nice people
to be around. You can ask them
anything and they're just helpful.
They just give you the confidence
you need.
This is your opportunity to go out
there
and show people why you guys deserve
to be DVJ
and why you deserve this shot.
It's nothing to do with me,
nothing to do with Diversity.
This is all about you
and your moment.
Tonight we're gonna go out there
and show everyone what we can do.
And I'm gonna... slay!
(ALL LAUGH)
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
(MUSIC STARTS)
(CHEERING)
(HIP-HOP MUSIC STARTS)
(MIMING) # Baby
# There ain't nobody but you
# BEYONCE - Crazy In Love #
(CHEERING)
(RAP/JAZZ TRACK STARTS)
(MIMICS PLAYING PIANO CHORDS)
# BEYONCE - Crazy In Love #
(RECORDING OF SIMON) Tell me the name
of the group.
DVJ!
(WILD CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
(AUDIENCE CHANTING)
DVJ! DVJ! DVJ! DVJ!
Simon?
Oh, wow, wow, wow, wow.
(CHANTING AND CHEERING CONTINUES)
OK, OK. So... so I erm,
I saw Ashley erm,
who was in Diversity,
four nights ago. And he said to me,
"I've never been more nervous
than I am right now
because this group are coming on the
show." That's how passionate he is.
But - And this is 12, 14 years ago
I think he was on this show himself.
But let's remember, even though it's
Diversity Juniors,
it's actually you. You made this
special tonight. Every one of you.
(CHEERING)
It was a show.
It was absolutely fantastic.
Your energy, your enthusiasm,
your choice of music, everything.
And let's always remember,
it's called showbusiness.
The most important part of that is
"show."
And that's what you demonstrated
tonight.
You put on a show. It was brilliant.
(CHEERING)
Really impressed, guys.
No comments are necessary.
It was perfection.
(CHEERING)
Before you guys came out on the
stage I was a little bit nervous.
I wasn't sure which way the show was
going and oh, my goodness,
you have just blown the roof off
this place.
I love you so much.
Can I just quickly say...
round of applause for... that was
sensational.
You are seriously talented dancers.
I can't wait to see what's gonna
happen with your future. Brilliant.
(CHEERING)
I mean, you are the next generation.
I know that we shouldn't,
but every single time
a dance group comes onto this show
we wish it was Diversity.
You are not Diversity.
You are... DVJ!
(CHEERING)
Yeah, I got it!
Actually, I was gonna say you're
better than Diversity.
You're amazing. Guys, very quickly,
just want to hear from you.
How did that feel?
That felt amazing.
Can I just say, I wanna say thank
you to the judges and everyone
because it is, like, our dream to be
here right now.
And to get through to the final
would be amazing.
Well, well done. You did brilliantly.
If you think DVJ are
tonight's winners,
check out the details on screen.
Let's hear it for them one more time.
DVJ!
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
And the vote is now open!
(CHEERING)
It will close during tonight's
results show.
From a landline, call 090204424
or from mobiles only it's 64424 and
then add -
(CHEERING) Votes cost 50p,
plus any network charge.
15 pence from each phone vote goes to
the Royal Variety charity.
Or you can vote via the
Britain's Got Talent app
where you've got five free votes
sponsored by uSwitch.
Please don't vote if you're watching
this on Plus-one or On Demand.
Here is a quick look back at
all of tonight's talents
and all the numbers you need.
(DANCE MUSIC)
(VOCALISES)
(SINGS OPERA)
I was so desperate for a laugh I
tried to eat some baked beans
through my eyes.
It wasn't funny at all.
(LAUGHTER)
In fact, I went blind.
I'm joking. I could still see
things, but only in Heinz sight.
(LAUGHTER)
(MUSIC PLAYS)
# Oh, it's a big wide world
# Just across the water
# I'm wading, but the river's too
strong
# Oh, it's a big wide world
# Calling us to come on home
(ROCK MUSIC)
That's it, let's take them home!
(ALARM)
Oh, yeah!
Here we go...
Oh, yeah.
(WIND TURBINE BLOWING)
There you go, hang on.
Say hello to my little friend!
(HIP-HOP MUSIC PLAYING)
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
There you go.
That is it from us for the moment.
Corrie is here next, and I'm not
gonna beat about the bush,
but Phelan has gone on the rampage.
The nutter!
We will see you back here at 9:30
for the results
so we will find out who has
taken the latest two places
in Sunday's final. Plus, we've
got a very special performance
from the cast of musical Chicago,
including Ruthie Henshall
and Cuba Gooding Jr.
See you in half an hour!
(APPLAUSE AND CHEERING)
For Subtitling Services, contatct:
waqas.zahoor89@gmail.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org